hey guys right now I'm gonna show real
young oh why oh you and cheese real
young
shit yeah let me go no hungry for the
same call a only even in the busy room
sometimes it gets lonely that's why your
stick close to my Cody stay holy if I
make it big I'm by a new land my Rollie
but for now I'm cheese shocking shocking
blank off my music ain't popping didn't
wanna know my name back in those days
yeah I'm cooking hey it still seems to
be flocking you rap about caves but
really you get P done something like the
Ice Age screw with his nuts who rap is
that the follow the kind of like fuck
smoking if they don't rap tough hurry
cuz like Andy Murray I'm trying to pull
the rack you with my music don't worry
I'm trying to keep it real to the max no
glory let this music bubble up inside
yourself even we show up like for real
for when we go to class every single
class can you ban food now we're no
garbage about you can't afford your
books when you got with you you got a
cell wall you're walking around with an
iPhone se you can't afford your post you
wearing James
can afford for you can you got your
priorities all fixed up are you upset
better is a bump in the road bill I'm
from a town with fighting straps like
behind the sweet everybody's turning up
the gas they ruin it with heat causing
me to sweat a hotel my dad was like oh
well if our ancestors grinding weak in
this world so I picked up the word so I
could excel wait till I'm speaking in
chosen from a town where you get back to
our end up getting bin rubbish I don't
like the life that they begin to many
folk whose improving the next akin you
guys are getting cured but we're holding
up our chin call wear a gold watch no
don't freeze stop no they can stay in
this trap
you might be smarter your family might
come from privilege your daddy my own
the company where you will not you do
not have more drives and I have more
passion that I have I'll beat you every
single day